corinthians
do not waste time
recently
Besides that
to 1
we do not want it to be fulfilled
lugo the eyes economy
It's a shame, Paul, in a thicket.
now you can try out the bids you've played on the track
not good
You can not stay confined.
we teach
the clash will catch free entrance
the moment
I was like this
Meanwhile, what happened?
operating with br
who reads
What happens is that I have
at the end of normal time
we are on the right path
the command
no scares
it's from those
right
while much of the plans the baraunas
my way of leading
the pottery
the 30 years ago
m
in chain analysis is nothing
because
leo miner
O
I'll try
it's a case
it's not him
but think now the
among Brazilians
and allows you to increase
in the last Sunday
I took time to understand that he has
well
there he will have another half marquinho
drama